he wants to hey guys it's ray on today
I'm playing a game of free for all on
the map carrier using the swat-556 and i
know i haven't uploaded that many
assault rifle gameplays because this is
mainly an SMG game but let me know if
you guys would like to see more so I'll
rifle game plays on my channel it'll be
a little more challenging but if that's
you guys want to see then I'll
definitely start working on it so
anyways today I'm gonna be talking about
quitting school for YouTube and I'm not
first I'm really you guys know for all
of you who are like what I'm not gonna
do that I would never um I always knew
ever since I was younger that I was
gonna go to college I was gonna get a
degree it was just it was never even a
question for me like oh should I go to
college it was it was always it was like
high school for me was like it's just
the next step you know so I especially
wouldn't give that up for you to bless
me that don't know I'm finishing up my
sophomore year in college and I am on
full scholarship so it's something that
I would just never give up no matter
what happened on YouTube or how big I
got or if I didn't get back no matter
what it's just something I wouldn't do
them but I've noticed a lot of people
get overwhelmed they get a lot of subs
they get a lot of views whether it's
from a shout-out or viral video or
whatever it is and they get really
excited and they think that they're set
for life and you know maybe they are a
lot of these people are you know the big
guys are set for life and that's awesome
if you can live off of you to that's the
coolest thing ever YouTube is something
that I love doing and it's something
that it's just it's so awesome it's even
if you have 10 subs or 10 million subs
you know just making content for people
um and and playing video games and it's
just it's a really cool feeling being
able to know that even if it's just a
couple people watching your videos so
it's awesome but it's still a risk and
you know it is a website it's the
internet so I feel like no matter what
it is though it's never really a good
idea to put all your eggs in one basket
I know I kind of sound like a mom right
now but that's just kind of way I've
always been I don't just take risks I'm
very thoughtful and I process things and
I take a little bit to make big
decisions in my life and that's kind of
just the way I've always been that's the
way that my dad is my mom was really
like you know you know just whatever I
did whatever she wanted if she felt like
doing something she
and my dad is very thoughtful and he
takes a long time to make decisions so I
feel like I got that from my dad but it
goes you know it's just something that I
feel like it's not a good idea to do to
quit school for YouTube matter what
you're doing and this kind of goes
people quitting their job to because you
do see that in the community somebody
will have a job already and then they
quit it for YouTube and that's not as
bad because you obviously already have a
degree or you have experience you have a
trade and then if anything goes south
you can always just get another job so I
feel like that's probably not as bad is
not going to school but like if you're
young like if you're me you know a
sophomore whatever you've only had a
couple jobs you don't really have a
trade and you're just gonna quit school
it's just not a good idea in my opinion
and it's still weird to me that to think
that somebody would would do that to
give that up and I it's just not a good
idea in my opinion like I said some
people get really really excited and
it's different and it's new it's a fun
way you know to do things and you're
playing video games you're talking to a
camera of your vlog or whatever it is
and it's awesome like I said I love it
but if you have a channel and your
partner and you're thinking of quitting
school I'd advise against it I know it's
going to be hard but don't give up on
your channel you can do both I do both
i'm full time in school it's not easy
college isn't easy and if you're doing
YouTube full time it's not easy either a
lot of people that don't do you two
think it's super easy but it's not you
know getting the best quality videos and
making sure your commentaries are good
for vloggers it's not easy trying to be
funny you know it's just it's not easy
I'm a full-time channel and upload every
day or a couple times a day whatever it
is um get good grades make good videos
be good with a schedule you know you
should be fine i was overwhelmed at
first but i got into the groove of
things i got a good scheduled videos and
with youtube and with school and it's
just important in my opinion to go to
school so come up with a comment below
and let me know what you think do you
think it's a good idea to quit school ok
guys new with this video and i will talk
to you later till then XOXO girl gone
gamer